feat: Provide capability to configure dns policy (#170)
kedacore/charts: keda/README.md

| `crds.install`                               | Defines whether the KEDA CRDs have to be installed or not. | `true`                 |
| `watchNamespace`                                           | Defines Kubernetes namespaces to watch to scale their workloads. Default watches all namespaces | `` |
| `operator.name`                                            | Name of the KEDA operator | `keda-operator` |

> | `metricsServer.dnsPolicy`                                  | specify dnsPolicy for the metric server Pod | `ClusterFirst`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `metricsServer.dnsPolicy`                                  | Defined the DNS policy for the metric server | `ClusterFirst`
```
